Add policy restart docs (#1395)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/00-00-istio-sidecar-proxies.md

Restarting the Istio sidecar proxies is possible for all resources that allow for a rolling restart. If Istio is uninstalled, the workloads are restarted again to remove the Istio sidecar proxies. However, if a resource is a Job, a ReplicaSet that is not managed by any Deployment, or a Pod that is not managed by any other resource, the restart cannot be performed automatically. In such cases, a warning is logged, and you must manually restart the resources. See [Incompatible Istio Sidecar Version After the Istio Module's Update](./troubleshooting/03-40-incompatible-istio-sidecar-version.md).

The Istio module does not restart an Istio sidecar proxy if it has a custom image set. See [Resource Annotations](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/annotations/#SidecarProxyImage).

> [!warning]

> > Istio injected pods with `restartPolicy: Never` can end up in permanently broken state due to a known Istio issue [#49210](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49210).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Istio-injected Pods with `restartPolicy: Never` may end up in a permanently broken state due to a known issue in Istio. See [issue #49210](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49210).
```

> > [!warning]
> > Istio-injected Pods with `restartPolicy: Never` may end up in a permanently broken state due to a known issue in Istio. See [issue #49210](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49210).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!CAUTION]
> Istio-injected Pods with `restartPolicy: Never` may end up in a permanently broken state due to a known issue in Istio. See [issue #49210](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49210). 
> If you need to use this setting, you must be aware of the risk until the issue is fixed. If you don't have a specific need for setting **restartPolicy** to `Never`, consider using a different option.
```
